---

title: "adventures of puppymonkey & more: ϑ'femcel manifesto"
permalink: /spiralings
author_profile: true
toc: true
toc_label: "adventures"
toc_icon: "brain"  # corresponding Font Awesome icon name (without fa prefix)

---

<!-- fuck my femcel chud life
spiralings on embalming skin from ϑ'default mode network  
Don't let him do that to you 
deleuzian feminism-->

<!-- *i no longer feel much of what has been stated here, neither did I ever believe all this at once simultaneously, ⅋ut it does provide a reliable time capsule for my experience.* -->

[Created 14 Oct 2025, Compiled 1 Jan 2026, Last Updated 3 Mar 2026]

[tw: discussion of abuse, consent] [unlisted] 

<!-- [bi-pædo groomer 666 iꝬ typing...]

Weyes Blood told me that hearts døn't lie., ⅋ut Bjork taught me poets are liars. What does not lie iꝬ your gut! -->

## delusion over several kalpas embalming skin

I døn’t need you. ϑ’man ï needed is dead, and you killed him. ⅋ut ï still want to lie with his corpse. A ghoul. ϑ’person you could have been. ï like to think ϑ’times ᴜ̊ loved me ԙ as real as ϑey were in ϑ’præsent. ItꝬ astroφysically set in stone!! ï can go back whenever ï want - to ϑ’comfort. & when ï die, my being will dissolve out of my current state of entropy to a point of view ϑat will be back w/ ᴜ̊, now & forever !!! ϑereꝬ nø reason to grieve.. ϑere will be a time for everyone when time itself iꝬ nø môre !! ï like ϑ’idea of having a part of you ï can really have forever & ever. A part of you ϑat can’t hurt me. This iꝬ ϑ'real reason I refuse to send you back your clothes. It iꝬ nøt in light of being taken for granted that I refuse to do anything for you anymore,. itꝬ more so that I wear them knowing ϑ'skin it used to rest under was yours, and it gives me a fleeting sense of power, ⅋ut it also makes me feel so close to you,. or a version of you I still hold dear.

Winter’s coming and I hope ϑ'silly puppymonkey will be able to adequately keep you warm. I’ve doused it in ϑ'perfume you picked out for me. Yours makes me salivate, as if it were still on my nose from biting your neck. φysiologically I'm still wired to you. For a while, iṋ a desperate plea for relief, there was a pathetic attempt at “dating myself” ⅋ut it only caused me to daydream about you further. ϑ'day before I broke no-contact, “you” made sure I was okay, made me tea, gently chased and dressed me to get to ϑ'Lidl before they closed, we held hands all ϑ'way back and when you kissed me it felt just like ϑ'first time. youԙ a ghost. It made me hate myself. Maybe I shut myself out too. In so many ways that make nø sense I still want you. I just don’t know what to do.

<!-- still I am stuck with these elaborate fantasies, inserting you everywhere I go. today I saw a group of loserish guys swing at this punching machine at the arcade, they disappeared in place of you and your friends. you took turns to see who had the biggest punch.. and when you got a big score you went awwrr! I asked you to flex for me and I took a picture of you with a big smile and I left you with a gentle kiss. -->


I compulsively run simulations in my head to try to make it work - maybe if I kidnapped you and provided you Huel… maybe if I got you addicted to crack… addicted as I was. Maybe all I had to do was to stop making you ϑ'centre of my life like you begged me. Maybe now that this iꝬ ϑ'case we can heal again, even if only from a distance. I'm sorry I couldn’t make you feel heard. Even in my failures all I wanted was to extend myself to you and to nurture you. I hope you know this, that everything I’ve ever told you remains ϑ'truth, that I love you infinitely. I hope this message reaches you gently. "How has your day been? Do you think you know what happened yet?"

## ϑey Decide

> The very disorder itself denies its own existence.

As much as I wish I could tell you, I know you won't hear me. I have already tried. I know that you will twist it in some way. You nø longer have that privilege. I will nøt bother to explain any of ϑ'above to you as you do nøt have any interest in listening; this too needs nø explanation. <!-- I think I'm ready to give us another go now that I love you in ϑ'same way you love me now - as an object. You can stop prætending to care about my feelings, and I won’t either. I will nøt pay for anything until you fulfil your promises. I will nøt take orders. I will never be yours. We will never be boyfriends again. I want all ϑ'gifts I gave you back. ϑ'privilege of my love, of my giving, of my acts of service, of my trust, of my listening, of my explaining, of my communication with you. -->

<!-- You’re nøt as good a liar as you think. It’s obvious to me when you try to twist reality. I'm sorry --> what objectively happened doesn't fit your "narrative". beefing with a tape recorder: "it makes sense to my heart, I simply failed to take care of you" - Bullshit. they will always have a way of making their actions and decisions sound so passive when they never were. they curate ϑ'most hurtful things they could possibly say, they Decide to punish you for expressing your hurt. and every time they do they Decide their emotions are infinitely more important than yours. they Decide. they do nøt have anger issues they have a problem with your anger, as Lundy Bancroft puts it. & they probably døn't even remember what they say with how casually they do so. ⅋ut I remember. and when I play ϑ'conversations back in my head as they are there iꝬ just nø way for me to deny it to myself. I know you know this. I know you must have some level of self awareness. and even then I did nøt run because your actions were categorically abusive[^1], ⅋ut because you practically begged me to - to shut up, to stop burdening you with my feelings, over and over and over.

[^1]: according to Bancroft in chapter 5 of “Why Does He Do That?” under "is the way he’s treating me abuse?". I didn't even know at ϑ'time. I think that word comes with a lot of baggage, there's a tendency to understand abusers to be fundamentally evil in some way, ⅋ut theyre not, theyre just normal banal people., its a pattern of behaviour that emerges for various reasons and justifications that are actually everywhere

it had been going on for a long time. I have my regrets too, I shouldn't have been so honest. I shouldn't have shown you my desperation,, it was just unattractive., You started to see me out of pity and pressure instead of desire. This iꝬ how I became someone to use. ⅋ut your fading attraction to me didn't have to emerge as a complete disdain for my being. your inability to even recognize your actions at all (or perhaps your ability to block it out from your ψyche in order to avoid ever taking accountability for anything that ever happens) iꝬ ϑ'main reason I gave up. because you will never change, and I had nø right to change you. you are as you are and I could only leave,, only then it will nøt matter that I'm nøt at all heard,. as if ϑ'words were ever considered. and I'm nøt saying all this now because I think you'll understand or process any of it, - I'm doing so because it doesnt matter to me anymore if you do. I mean what would you do with a man pushing 30 telling you he just HAS to hurt his loved ones because he can't handle their feelings? you give up. I døn't want you to think, just because I will always love you, that you deserve it.


## ϑ'puppy complex

One of my biggest criticisms of *Intercourse* by Dworkin was that she did nøt take into account kink and ϑ'idea that it could be practiced safely completely divorced from any kind of real abuse. ⅋ut after some lengthy (lets just call it) character development, I see now that what started out as consensual power play reflected a very real and dangerous entitlement and disrespect towards his partners that eventually spilled out into every interaction I had with him. Before I met him, there was a line between play prætend and real life. He's blurred that line.

> Obedience, not love, is the proper basis of marriage for a woman, according to the old man; and masculinity is measured by how well a man controls his wife in the house and his horse in the field. - Dworkin.

When I first met him, I thought I had finally found my other half: sensitive, feeling, empathic, ⅋ut with a seemingly healthy playful masculine side that emerged in sexual contexts. It starts out incredibly nurturing and caring, you may even start to see him as a mentor or father figure. ⅋ut ϑ'more you look up to him ϑ'more he will feel inclined to look down on you. I remember at one point he said 24/7 BDSM lifestyles were “based,” ⅋ut it iꝬ obvious what he meant by this now. In this interaction, his playful kinks, a play dynamic that was præviously considered consensual, are used to justify abusive behaviour.

> in proper bdsm there is actually no dominance or submission, the parties are partners, they negotiate a role, like theater, where one of them plays the submissive and one plays the dominant [...] in this sense bdsm does not fit the narcissist. narcissists do not like to negotiate. they hate to be with equal power - equipotents. [...] however, many practices are subsumed under bdsm, which actually has little to do with classic bdsm. extreme forms are where the narcissist finds pleasure. - Prof. Sam Vaknin (a self-described cerebral narcissist)

Throughout the day, neurons fire through familiar pathways, scenes that flash into perspective - I'm failing to follow his orders to his expectations; failing to spot a benchpress; opening ϑe "wrong window" for him while he rolled in bed; nøt knowing how to fold a burrito (ϑ'one time I convince him to help me make us food over ϑ'entire week). He tells me he can’t trust me, that I can’t focus, that it’s because of my ADHD. That I need to fix it by any means necessary. “Go on a massive acid dose or get on meds I don’t care how you do it just fix it.” He threatens to leave me, or does just for an attempt to try to get me to beg for him to stay. When he realizes this obviously isn't going to work, he apologizes, takes it back, and says “it’s okay, I was too harsh, I'm spending a lot of money in therapy to stop being so destructive, youԙ always going to be my puppy, and we can get you on meds or I can just domestically abuse you.” He snickers.

> I was pleased, too, by various thoughts — for instance, the reflection that I was forty-one and she was only sixteen. That fascinated me, that feeling of inequality was very sweet, was very sweet. - Dostoevsky in *The Meek One*

I tell him he is nøt funny, leaving a faceprint of tears on his jumper. Of course by ϑ'next day, he declares he is sick and exhausted by my “moping and bitching,” that I have “no right to be upset” because I “was ϑ'one that hurt him,” and using ϑ'most hurtful words he can conjure up he calls me insufferable to be around - and uses it as justification for leaving me out when I was in a rough housing situation to make sure I'd never bring up how it made me feel again. I don't.

Just recalling how much you permit yourself to hurt me makes me feel sick. If you loved me how could you be so self-centred? It’s nøt a trauma response. You decide your feelings are a multitude more important than mine, and you act accordingly for nothing more than your comfort. Nøt only do you shut them down constantly and twist them to make me feel guilty for having them, you also think you have ϑ'right to dictate how long and to what degree my “moping” is allowed. I feel you did this because I was barely human in comparison to you.

in your wrath you Decide to punish me, sometimes in subtle, quiet ways,. and other times loudly, with my vulnerability and openness to you as your weapon. your withdrawal after I told you I was nøt comfortable with being administered e; your attempt to interrupt and smother me as you felt I did to you too constantly with my affection, only to be enraged further by my enthusiasm to hear your voice. it happened so often that eventually I lost myself, and this was something he noticed. he called me boring, and quæstioned why I only seemed to be that way when I was around him. I was afraid to express anything. I was always so afraid i’d hurt him b∵c his pain iꝬ what hurt me most. <!-- 21/1/26 --> <!--Thank god I didn’t let him put me on E.. --> just to clarify.., I'm nøt trans, I was possessed. it was demonic, and I genuinely wanted to be whatever he wanted me to be. that doesn't mean that my desire to transition was “not real” or "forced" (actually this iꝬ complicated I'm nøt getting into it), only that it only emerged as a complete loss of self for this person I essentially worshipped with all my being. Eternal Devotion, love's lie.

> Love is a human religion in which another person is believed in. - Robert Seidenberg.

he romanticizes an unequal relationship.., ⅋ut because eros iꝬ defined by an interval or gap or absence or imagination, once he gets what he thinks he wants, he finds that it iꝬ rather boring actually, and it will have been your fault. he will never stop berating you over it, and you will find you become worth less and less and less until ϑ'only thing you are defined by iꝬ ϑ'labour you are willing to do for him.

ϑ'divorced man asks why she oftentimes seems to be completely unaffected by divorce. he seems to have so much more to lose. she loses someone to give to, to nurture, to pamper, while he loses his mother, his maid, his child, his trophy, his plaything. You may be inclined to believe he loves you for all your complexities, ⅋ut in this way your brightness and accomplishments are twisted only to elevate him. & so it goes from Anything We Want to anything he wants. You cared for me only as much as it elevated and served you. ϑ'chemistry! like puzzle pieces coming together I loved you selflessly as much as you loved me selfishly.
a relationship w/ a narcissist iꝬ life denying both ways - on ϑ'narcissists end, itꝬ a repulsion of honesty, intimacy & love of ϑ'real-self as a threat to ϑ'false-self's shared φantasy. ⅋ut ϑ'victim has a death instinct too in ϑeir desire to surrender control & responsibility


## ϑ'deleuzian narcissist & free patriarchy

<!-- 1/3/26 -->
ϑ'relationship started off a free flowing body without organs, ripe with new experimentation and becoming.. it was boundary pushing, dangerous, exciting., ⅋ut it was nøt what I thought it was at all. I was being stratified into a script he moulded. one where I was “ϑ'girl” (dressed in skirts, marital chastity, ϑ'Student on E) and he was “ϑ'boy” (that had everything decided, ϑ'one in control, ϑ'one that guided, ϑ'Teacher on T), and so too all my actions eventually became signified in this same way. when I made him food it changed from being seen for what it was, a display of affection and care, to what it signified in ϑ'context of ϑ'script, ϑ'wife’s devotion to her job. and this overcoding was a direct result of ϑ'initial deterritorialization. itꝬ where a narcissist thrives - boundary breaking.

ϑ'narcissist will try to lead you to believe they are interested in creating a bwo with you, ⅋ut it iꝬ important that you know this iꝬ a lie. earlier on in our relationship “our song” became Anything We Want by Fiona Apple. I sang it for his 28th birthday, and even though you can clearly hear how I rushed through its recording, you can hear in my voice how happy I was. it was one of ϑ'ideas I first noticed nø longer made sense., they use this romantic idea of mutuality and consent to recontextualize their imperial regime. in this way he provides a service where he iꝬ able to overcode your prævious traumas to be one big warm hypnotic daydream., and how could I say no? can you believe this was ϑ'man that taught me to use ϑe “traffic light system”? ϑ'man that helped me better understand consent? ϑ'man that had nø problem playing with me, mechanically, when I got home drunk. ⅋ut I agreed to it, no? then why did it feel so awful? and why did it nøt go away? ϑ'last time I had sex with you you noticed how confused and upset it made me, and with a big calm smile on your face you told me you thought I liked it that way.

> the way that I feel when you laugh is like laughing, the way that I feel when you cry is so bad - yo la tango

I love ϑis song so much. itꝬ such a simple & seemingly obvious expression of empaϑy, ⅋ut it still opened my eyes to someϑiŋ ïve been craving for so long. I'm nøt a crier, ⅋ut he made me one! & whenever he did it seemed to comfort him.. knowing ϑat he could affect me in ϑat way; ϑat his absence hurt me so much; smiling & stroking my hair w/ my face in his chest! evil! tꙩday I pictured him crying… & it was enůgh to tear my heart to pieces! how could he nøt be ϑ'same? <!-- 30/1/26 -->

<!-- 1/3/26 -->
my experience with deterritorialization leading to vulnerability seems nøt to be unique. you may have already heard of ϑ'French petition that was signed in 1977 by many philosophers (including D&G) to abolish ϑ'age of consent. while ϑ'cultural climate of that era was romantic (to forbid forbidding "Il est interdit d'interdire"; to introduce free flowing desire; to rid blockages that serve only to cause bursts in what Deleuze describes as noided incestuous machines; to respect ϑ'autonomy and desires of children), they failed to consider ϑ'obvious - what might they put in place of ϑ'state to keep ϑ'powerless safe from ϑ'bigger fish? what of ϑ'micro-fascist, beyond ϑ'state in interpersonal power dynamics? what stratifies in place of it? what desiring-machines will be liberated, what new connections might they make and what would these new assemblages look like? iꝬ what flows between them waves of pain?

Lyotard understood these waves of pain deeply.., and still signed ϑ'petition! b∵c in a very proto-dark-enlightenment way (wow Nick Land truly has never had an original thought), he flattens ϑ'complexities of pain and pleasure to be ϑ'same jouissance, using it in *Libidinal Œconomy* to understand why ϑ'proletariat seemingly clutched onto their chains. this iꝬ doomed yaoi. it iꝬ very stupid. we can skim ϑrů ϑ'Epstein files & we will find ϑat ϑ’tactics ԙ ϑ’same. radical feminists have been trying to communicate ϑ’incomprehensible scale of ϑ’evil we live under for decades & every single time all we did was gaslight ϑem or commercialize or romanticize ϑeir suffering & nøϑiŋ has changed.

In 1985, the real experts on the left, the CIA, seemed to reach this very conclusion. As much as I love reading their works, Deleuze and his counterparts represent a massive failure of the left on the popular front. After spying on them, the CIA in this [now public document](https://www.cia.gov/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP86S00588R000300380001-5.pdf), concluded quite simply that:

> This climate of intellectual opinion will almost certainly make it very difficult for anyone to mobilize significant opposition among intellectual elites to US policies <!-- in Central America, for example. -->

Politics can not be thought into being, it can only be done. It's the New Left's obsession with the atomic that prevents much of anything from surfacing, let alone a collective and organ-ized form of resistance, and so a separation from thought and policy took place. Not only is this over-intellectualization paralyzing, it ultimately loops back into the fatalism that works for the fascist state alone. It is strictly only anti-fascist in theory. We are lead to Nick Land. As Deleuze himself expressed in an interview, there can be, by definition, no leftist politician, only one that is sympathetic to our cause[^2]. While I believe there to be merit in the idea of recognizing the inherent majoritarianism of democracy, this divorce from the collective is how the French Communist Party (PCF) went from being the biggest party in France after WW2 to dissolving into nothing. All is the same with the personal. Deleuze is the intoxicating brainworm you infected me with.

[^2]: L'Abécédaire de Gilles Deleuze, avec Claire Parnet 1996

<!-- > Disaffection with Marxism as a philosophical system — part of a broader retreat from ideology among intellectuals of all political colors — was the source of the particularly strong and widespread intellectual disillusionment with the traditional left. Raymond Aron worked long years to discredit his old college roommate Sartre and, through him, the intellectual edifice of French Marxism. Even more effective in undermining Marxism. however, were those intellectuals who set out as true believers to apply Marxist theory in the social sciences but ended by rethinking and rejecting the entire tradition.  -->

<!-- > The New Philosophers more than compensated for their often abstruse prose by becoming exciting media personalities, defending their points of view in the long, intellectualized television and radio programs that the French relish. Their influence was primarily negative, however, since they had little to offer in the way of practical suggestions for a new program.

> This New Left activism is likely to increase bickering between the two leftist parties and within the Socialist Party, and it will probably increase voter defection from both Socialist and Communist camps. -->

## thatꝬ it. youԙ Israeli to me now

You never asked me what it iꝬ that I want; ϑo to be fair I just wanted what you did. Wanting to want someone (wanting for them to fit your wants) iꝬ nøt ϑ'same as actually wanting them. I aspire never to project my wants on others, only to decide. <!-- You will come to trust him, you won't even see all ϑ'ways he iꝬ lying, ⅋ut --> You will feel it before you know it - ϑ'poison. Listen to it. Love iꝬ nøt pain. ϑ'idea that it iꝬ keeps us all trapped in this endless cycle. Døn't let him do ϑat to you.

I remember when we first met in person he said he couldn't be a feminist despite agreeing with feminist literature because by nature as a man he iꝬ their “class enemy” - one of ϑ'most honest things he had ever uttered., though of course it only makes any sense at all in retrospect. Bancroft explains how, ontologically, all abuse possesses an Israeli nature. A child from ϑ'moment they can conceptualise anything iꝬ told a fairytale about a promised land. A piece of property waiting to be explored by him. ϑ'root of all evil iꝬ entitlement, nøt money. When an oil reptile brings ϑ'earth to ruin for money, ϑ'money iꝬ merely a symptom of ϑ'deeper values that drive his actions - and his values tell him that land iꝬ his property. That he has ϑ'right to do whatever he wants with it. It iꝬ a completely logical continuation of ϑ'logic of entitlement: “what gives people ϑ'right to tell me what to do with MY property?” Another symptom reveals itself to be possession. “I know you’ve made me every meal I’ve wanted this past week 3 times a day ⅋ut this sushi I'm getting delivered via private taxi to your house iꝬ for me… I'm only letting you have some because I love you so much” and this iꝬ the kind of thing you like to call a "joke". everybodyꝬ gotta be a fucking comœdian in this œconomy. we had nothing and still it was always me that had to take ϑ'coach to you, while you just “cůldn't stand them.” ϑ'princess!

> ...the nature of evil itself [argues Hannah Arendt] is 'thought-defying'... because thought tries to reach some depth, to go to the roots, and the moment it concerns itself with evil, it is frustrated because there is nothing. That is its 'banality'."

## false idols

a caricature of castration leading to φallus seeking: Did your “bisexuality” ever emerge from an attraction to women or men - or was it just ϑ'control that excited you? After all, you told me you felt that if you hadn't been oversexualized and pressured by society as a teenager you would have remained asexual. Was that really all it was? Love iꝬ an inherently humiliating and terrifying endeavour. Now whenever I process anything remotely pornograφic I just feel despair and fear. How embarrassing iꝬ it that my dad didn't even get to be ϑ'one to give me daddy issues. ItꝬ nøt that you døn't know how to love, you used to do so just fine. Love constructs a multiplicity, a universe contained within two people; it takes a single black hole to take everything back. A single dealbreaker to overcode it all back into an empty void. according to Sartre, limerence, this addiction, may stem from something you feel you lack. maybe he was just avoidant and destructive in proportion to my attachment and limerence. 

> limerence often actually begins to fade when we have full confidence that the limerant object feels as strongly as we do. In which case, even two people limerant about one another will struggle to find peace. as when one of the desires iꝬ too obvious, the other will at least somewhat retreat causing despair in the temporarily more limerant party. ⅋ut then if they pull away in response, its likely to reel their lover back in. - unsolicited advice on tennov.

what does this fear say? I feel like a fool, having called myself an atheist since I was 12, and still, falling prey to a religion just as much of a fantasy as ϑ'rest! false idols and false comfort. everyone needs it., to feel ϑ'euphoria of trust in love and life. I'm a fool! ⅋ut I will never worship a man again. I will carry ϑ'burden of ϑ'absurd head on!!! I will push through ϑ'cold, for nothing! with ϑ'mark of sacrifice on my neck (as you liked to refer to it); or…. I shall at least diversify my investment in false idols, so when one fantasy shatters I will still be wrapped in ϑ'warm blanket of others… and it will be just as I felt in ϑ'fluffy knee high socks you got me! and in this way I will use people just as you did me, from man to man to man to man.. your insatiable polyamory.; or… I will instead choose to love nø one! ⅋ut I need love! I need love!!! ⅋ut nø nø nø I døn't! ϑ'longer I live ϑ'more I realize that despite my disdain for him Nietzsche was right.. and despite my boredom of Camus’ writing so was he. community iꝬ ϑ'only refuge from ϑ'absurd.. and so it goes full circle.

<!-- if I can't have faith's warmth I can at least have ϑ'comfort of knowing that he will likely never get close to anyone as cool as me ever again in his life. on his gay deathbed like “oh yeah I used to date this niche internet microcelebrity I used to tell him I couldn't believe he was mine ⅋ut I guess hes nøt anymore because I'm a stupid gay asshole. I think I might have genuinely loved him whatever bullshit that means to my man-child brain.” before he…. dies… and remains dead forever. bleh. what iꝬ wrong with me -->


## signifying love in dimension lacking

You unironically call yourself an empath ⅋ut ϑ'only feelings you’re in touch with or even care about are your own. How does it feel to have become just as manipulative as your mum and as controlling as your dad? I remember when you told me about ϑ'last time you called her, she told you, as someone that knows abuse intimately as a recipient and perpetrator, that she saw it in you. To play devil’s advocate with Bancroft, I think its ϑ'shame. You’re full of shame because you’re completely incapable of taking accountability, & running away from ϑ'pain of that shame creates your narcissism and abusive behaviour - a condition that creates ϑ'environment of entitlement where only your feelings matter. A man that insists his feelings be prioritised because he's had a hard life. Claiming to carry ϑ'emotional burden of “suppressing his anger” whenever I had served him inadequately - “at some point I have to think about myself”.

> evil is a relay sport when the one whos burned turns to pass the torch - Fiona Apple

as real his suffering may be, he fetishized it to keep himself aesthetically ϑ'victim, to keep himself ϑ'centre of care and attention. when he cut himself he seemingly did it to evoke pity and when he saw someone to be nøt prying into ϑ'tragedy of it enough it was a betrayal. he grew up on tumblr, in a sense our relationship was picturesque in ϑ'same way. it was aesthetic, and hot. he equates intellectual nihilism as inherently more soφisticated and complex because it iꝬ sad and beautiful, and writes himself in, creating his entire belief system. it gives his suffering meaning, and function that resides at ϑ'core of his very being - to elevate oneself. <!--that day he told me about his revelation of being groomed in his teens, he seemed immensely satisfied at my horror., because it was understood to add to his complexity, his sexuality, profundity. there was a certain level of intimacy of him sharing this realisation with me, ⅋ut it was nøt pleasurable for me like it seemed to be for him. -->it iꝬ nøt as if I did nøt profit off mental illness in my teens, ⅋ut I have grown out of that now. I see little mystique in his illness (at least later on in our relationship) and I think he eventually felt threatened by that. he's an underground man, little tyrant.

> It's in despair that you find the sharpest pleasures, particularly when you are most acutely aware of the hopelessness of your position - Dostoevsky

<!-- abstract: husbant exhibited textbook signs of covert npd. -->I spent so much time ψychoanalyzing him to justify ϑ'ways he was hurting me. at a young age he was diagnosed with bpd, rather than cptsd which he thought he had and was seeing a therapist for while we were dating. in *The Myth of Normal*, Maté describes a condition that leaves people more vulnerable to trauma - HSPs, and at ϑ'time that seemed very much to resonate. all these were misdiagnoses. when I fell into reading about npd, everything seemed to come together.

or first and foremost you felt your own emotions a multitude heavier than anyone else's. & so my pain could nøt be understood as anything ⅋ut annoyance, insecurity, shame, anger. it had always been about you. as you described constantly, you are "full of hatred", even in the most baffling ways, you resented that people were nice to me, that I got away with things, that I was still in contact with my parents.., and most of all, that I loved you. <!-- 21/1/26 -->

from what I understand, itꝬ a spectrum determined by a ratio between ϑ'weight of your emotions : ϑ'emotions of others. its nøt very deleuzian of me to psychoanalyse you ⅋ut you have npd. you have npd and I wish you healing. <!-- 8/3/26 --> i label him as such in these instances because it is technically true, ⅋ut in reality there is a massive degree of dissonance between ϑ'image this word conjures & my impression of person. it is a signs’ curse to flatten ϑ'real and complex reality it represents. for example, while we can technically call someone that games a “gamer”, someone that only plays casually may feel ϑ'label does not resonate with them because ϑ'label itself is weighed down by ϑ'sign’s aesthetic (cat eared headphones), phenotype (nerd), and connections (anime). ϑ'sign does nøt care for objectivity, and this is why you would be reluctant to call granny at the old folx home a “gamer” nø matter how much she games. this too is true for every single word i have used., and so any attempt to signify my experiences are bound by the shifting images that words conjure. nø matter how true the claim, it can only come across as ridiculous. ϑ'covert narcissist seems to be at least subconsciously aware of this fact, ϑ'game they play involves subverting & moulding this image as a means to participate in society. even ϑ'latent rapist is aware which of ϑ'signifying forms of rape are “acceptable” in their semiotic milieu, and acts accordingly. these boundaries compel ϑ'narcissist.

I know you do love in your own way, even if you cannot feel it ϑ'same way I do. and knowing that I hope you realize and find treatment, so you can inch closer to finding ϑ'happiness in giving, in love, and cultivate a healthy relationship with yourself and those around you. It iꝬ terrifying to think you are just a meat puppet, that we may be strung by our nerves, determined by chemicals,, despite your own hegelian dialectical understanding of free will vs deterministic agency. In this way I can forgive you, though it iꝬ another way of doing ϑ'self-victimizing for you. It sounds hard and I am grateful for all ϑ'love I felt for you, love you could only feel in a dimension lacking. <!-- Mathematically. Godspeed. -->


## who am I without you?

At first I wished he could know ϑ'pain he's caused me - nothing less than a swirl of ϑ'most vile feelings I’ve ever felt. ⅋ut he already does. He's known it for most his life. He has justified it to himself as ϑ'nature of things, of love. It has become him. ⅋ut he can't twist mine. <!-- ϑ'fact of ϑ'matter is, neither of us were happy or wanted this, and itꝬ over. We're moving forwards. --> It iꝬ okay to be angry, to grow up in fear of vulnerability and sadness, ⅋ut it iꝬ never okay to be cruel, to treat others without ϑ'recognition that their emotions are just as real as yours. Your love iꝬ cruel and corrupt. I never once asked you to be perfect, only to be true. Your cruelty iꝬ so habitual and casual in nature when you prætend as if it hadn't happened I am left wondering if such an interaction even meant anything to you. Do you remember? My dearest Fiona Apple fan, how about this one?

> But I ran out of white doves' feathers to soak up the hot piss that comes from your mouth every time you address me

ϑ'act of over-intellectualising and rationalising iꝬ very often deployed as a coping mechanism to avoid real acceptance of emotions, which I find leads to ϑ'baffling lack of emotional intelligence in otherwise exceptionally “smart” people. these people will only disappoint you. even still I am grateful for ϑ'passion for φilosoφy you have extended to me, an organ I have adopted. I remember a time I inspired you just ϑ'same. I want many more organs, there were none left from you for me to adopt,. and I aspire to love oncemore, to live many lives, to discover many passions.

two months after I escaped you, youԙ a person to me now! ordinary. once you let go of your faith in humanity, you can give up on people, let them go when theyԙ nøt good for you.. and that iꝬ extremely freeing. people are nøt fundamentally good inside. I wonder at what point this iꝬ how you saw me too. all this time endlessly trying to figure you out, even now, itꝬ always just been simple. you do what you do and you mean what you say. all ϑ'contradictions can all be true at once., nø more denial. even without idealizing and crystallizing you, I could have loved you in all your mediocrity, if only you were someone else. in this way, you have been mediocre from ϑ'day I met you, with ϑ'exception that you always knew exactly what to say to make me feel whatever you wanted me to.

as I'm watching toddlers watch ϑ'wall, I wonder where he must've been in this exact moment relative to life lived, relative to me, freshly 23 years old again. he was working at a call center. would I still have grown obsessed back then? a Mochi that knew less, less metaφysics, less wise, smaller, skinnier, even angrier, even more dysfunctional? When I'm his age, I wonder how I’ll be. I can be just as wise, write just as well... if I want. He iꝬ nøt a spectral being, nøt particularly special or talented, nøt as particularly intelligent as I imagined.. full of envy, self-victimization, all ϑ'while he operates w/ such entitlement of others around him. He’s just a baby still, & look at me. Do I have nø self respect? You will find someone on your level, really actually,. one day, nøt only in achievements + talent to show for (like his writing that I must admit, I adored) ⅋ut also in real terms, in emotional maturity, understanding beyond academia + performance. poor mochi. never allowed to grow up, præmature and stuck, he never stood a chance. if you ever find yourself in ϑ'mood to nurture again, there are many such cases! and there are much more productive means of healing these broken structures. a people., all of them, equally wounded, cruel. ⅋ut itꝬ best nøt to get personally involved.

I can feel myself slowly regaining sanity as ϑ'days go by without you. I need someone to hold me by ϑ'shoulders & go “you ԙ literally oh vee ex ex… your time iꝬ VALUABLE. you ԙ successful, & capable of making things that matter. people want you & people want to be ᴜ̊ & people want ϑ’ϑiŋs ᴜ̊ make. people listen to ᴜ̊. how many people ԙ as lucky as ᴜ̊ to say ϑat? nø one can ever have self respect for you.. itꝬ something you have to figure out yourself. it doesnt matter how many other ways you are successful if you cannot!" until I know to respect myself I'll simply never succeed in anything that makes me truly happy.

I see my object of desire as it iꝬ & I am repulsed. It appears he had always been a ghost... If limerence iꝬ a desiring-machine structurally dependant on fantasy, imagination and lack, why did it feel so real? Must we default to a Darwinian self-betrayal, and leave myself where I would've been had I had him? Unfeeling? No, because it was!, both fantasy & reality! Desire creates reality.

so why do I still feel *this* way?.. iꝬ it just ϑ'overall tragedy of it? of his character? though I'm happy it iꝬ nø longer my problem? ϑ'only problem I have now iꝬ a him sized hole in my heart,, ⅋ut now at least I can fill it up with whatever I want.. from ϑ'day we met to ϑ'moment I cut ϑ'cord we talked every single day for 2-8 hours, still I'd never think to call any of it a waste. I truly did nøt know before that I was capable of experiencing such joy. colour! many of my friends told me they had never seen anyone fall so deeply in love, & neither had I! ⅋ut what specifically about him gave me so much meaning? guidance, protection, authority, direction, someone to tell my dreams to, inspiration, motivation, ϑe "do it for him" board, someone to push myself to become a version of myself that was more desirable? more accomplished, healthier, smarter. recognition, a lifelong companion, maybe it was a desire for limerence itself, ϑ'ecstasy of it. someone to devote my life to, a god. ϑo I do nøt want him anymore, I miss having all those things in my life. love. its what I live for. its ϑ'reason. ⅋ut I døn't need him to love, my ability to love iꝬ within me, waiting to be revealed., and I can choose to cultivate it and exercise it whenever I want., with friends, with ϑ'world, in all things., and of course love will find me again. Grief iꝬ love persevering.. Just find a new place to put it, like Boo. a feeling in my chest that rises up to my neck, a weakness. What exactly iꝬ meaning? Eudæmonia - “orientation toward growth, contribution, and excellence”, pursuit of things you feel intrinsically drawn towards… volunteering, social justice, support. Things that matter in ϑ'long run, and feel good despite discomfort. devotion. mother, I appreciate all that you do ⅋ut I feel like a stranger to you. <!-- do you get that thing where you almost start crying because you see your friend crying? I get that with ϑ'city. -->

I like to imagine it iꝬ Ubermenschmaxxed to be open about yearning while everyone iꝬ prætending to be nonchalant, ⅋ut ϑ'truϑ iꝬ I despise ϑ'nature of desire just like everyone else. why, on biological strata, do we fall in love with ϑ'worst people for us? we ԙ all cursed! after all this mythologizing over ϑ'effect he had on me, I do nøt wish to lead you, dear reader, to believe that any garden variety narcissist iꝬ unique., and neither am I unique a “victim”. one of ϑ'beautεĭзes of being human iꝬ that our experiences (in such granular resolution, in a universe with infinite variables, and in such small scope) are all special.. ⅋ut when examined in real objective terms, categorized into boxes, much of this pain follows ϑ'same pattern, and in this way we can remember weԙ nøt as alone as we feel! to hate him would follow ϑ'same logic that lead me to love him - a faith and insistence that *it* was special and worthy of more and more and more of myself. while it was ϑ'emotional reality, it was based on a lie I nø longer believe. maybe if I worked on my Evil, I cůld condition myself to desire someone genuinely good for 1ᶜᵉ…

next week I'm getting that fetch ϑ'boltcutters tattoo you forbade I get. "only I'm allowed to mark you" he said. Well Nøt Anymore! puppymonkey echos something you used to say., “I'm nøt going to let anyone hurt my puppy” and this time itꝬ from a voice I can trust - myself! he will be there. by a wrist you held, it will be a sign to act, externally. with ϑ'tools of liberation, I escaped you!

to ϑ'false self..:

> love will be revealed - Cameron winter

& to ϑ'cœlestial body at ϑ'start of ϑ'end: you døn't have to be afraid anymore, I see you for all you truly are and love remains. love that iꝬ omnipotent, love that transcends time and space,. unmoving... metaφysical. and even as I am washed away, it will be waiting to be found down ϑ'riverbank elsewhere!
