---

title: gigantism through emotional landscapes

---
theres a part in love will be revealed that kind of sounds like an alex g song -- the kinda nonchalant wispy piano bit. I AM BLIND AND YOU ARE UGLY!! ITS SO EASY TO WANT YOU!! I WANT YOU I WANT YOU I WANT YOU! but zooming out i think he just achieves the concept of god save the animals, of a "christian album for atheists", better than alex g himself.
As much as I absolutely adore god save the animals in its own right, I think what Alex G missed that Heavy Metals highlights so well is that love is a fundamental pillar of spiritual experience. under the lens of an atheist, the problem with love under religion is that it attempts to systematise this experience when really it's the kind of ghost that disappears when you insist on taking a picture, when it's an emergent sum of parts. I think what makes the spiritualism universal in Winter's writing is the fact that they are predominantly love songs.
{:.drop-cap}

Nina + field of cops can be interpreted as a love song of a different kind. it is literally just overflowing and overcome with emotion.. its definitely the one that makes me cry the most., and as confused saline runs down my face im led gracefully (and by gracefully i mean kicking and screaming) into $0 - god is real im not kidding this time to a beautiful neoclassical landscape reminiscent of the grassy fields of かがやき kagayaki. yeah okay its really good. It's safe to assume that the "Nina" Winter repeatedly refers to is a spiritual summoning or projection or mirroring of Simone - with references to his admiration for her apparent both in the song and documented on Twitter (to which the account for has been promptly deleted,. I pray I find the courage to do the same)
{:.drop-cap}

> Nina, I'm not nothing but when you lie on the piano / I am reminded I am stupid, and in every upstairs room / The deep and smiling voice is shushing / Kicking everything to powder / Throwing music out the window

> It is very hard to listen to most music after listening to Nina Simone. Her best work is so emotionally gigantic that comparing it to some Best New Music indie release is like watching Mike Tyson in the ring against car seat headrest 


I'm inclined to think Winter adopted this understanding of spiritualism from Simone as their hymns share the same sensitivity. Without heading for the obvious low hanging fruits like the ever reaching highs of Sinnerman, I think Nina felt quite deeply. She knew what it was like to really yearn. In What More Can I Say, the swelling crescendo is accompanied by the following:

> I would go anywhere, anywhere you go / If you just say you wanted me too / What more can I say?

What more can she say?

Nina's work is chock-full of these emotional overflows, or what Winter calls a gigantism. The same rawness lends itself to more than just love. Nina can be one of the angriest people on the piano second only to Fiona Apple. Every time I listen to Four Women (which, by the way, whiplashes right before What More Can I Say on Wild is the Wind) I am reminded of how visceral and piercing it is. It pain(t)s a vivid uncompromising picture of what it was like to be black and a woman in America. One of Aunt Sarah's torture, Saffronia's uhhhhhhhh bastardization(?), Sweet Thing's prostitution, and Peaches' social orphanization.
{:.drop-cap}


> My skin is brown / My manner is tough / I'll kill the first mother I see / My life has been rough / I'm awfully bitter these days / Because my parents were slaves / What do they call me? / My name is Peaches (!!!)

In this way, her spirituality overflowed outside of internal affairs. If you dare to look at anyone for long enough, you'll find the passion inseparable from the anger, Nina yearned for much more than a lover.

My little HTML page couldn't do it justice.